c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe.config
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.pdb
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.g.resources
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe
c:\users\quandary\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiFiReceiver\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.pdb
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe.config
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.pdb
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.exe
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\bin\Debug\LiFiReceiver.pdb
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.g.resources
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Quandary\GitHubStuff\LiFi_Project_Lab_TTU\Li-Fi Receiver GUI\LiFiReceiver\obj\Debug\LiFiReceiver.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
